Yes they have long lines but the staff are efficient at moving through it. Actually the hold up is usually customer side. Last night the woman calling out order numbers had to repeat numerous times on back to back to back orders. Cmon ppl know your number and get your delicious ice cream (and yes that's bc mine is behind yours and melting ! ) The flavors make you reminisce about weekend mornings eating cereal and watching cartoons. My favorite so far is cookie dough  ice cream with Reese's pb cups, peanuts, and in a reg waffle cone.
We went here on a Wednesday afternoon, no line at all! Super cute and very Instagram friendly interior. My boyfriend and I shared a vanilla soft serve in a cup with Cinnamon Toast Crunch cereal infused ice creamwith cookie crumbles on top. It was delicious  I have to say it is very similar to KITH treats. I do think the vanilla ice cream base from KITH is creamier and richer which I do like better however this place was great too. A great ice cream shop with a great innovative twist. I would come back to try out the other flavors for sure.
There are honestly so many amazing ice ream shoppes in this area and this was one of the bests. There's such a wide variety of cereals that it sparks just a bit of nostalgia. I think they really did an amazing job with playing classic cartoons on the wall. No matter how old you are, you find some sort of joy in this shop. I've tried the froot berry bliss and the cookie crisp carnival. I wasn't disappointed by either one honestly. It's super creamy and there's a bit of texture from the cereal. Due to the wide variety of cereals, there's definitely something here for everyone.  It's kind of pricey for ice cream but honestly you get a pretty big portion. I usually share with a friend.
Came in on a Saturday afternoon because we heard that the famous Food Baby was going to be making an appearance and had a special flavor for the month. I guess not as many people were as excited to see The Food Baby in person because I was expected this place to be jam packed wall to wall but it wasn't. There was definitely a crowd but the workers here were efficient and pumping out ice cream like absolute champs so we didn't have to wait long at all. I ordered the Food Baby flavor in a cup and my friend made her creation. That's the great thing about this place. You can order from their menu or you can create you own based on what you're in the mood for. We sat inside and ate our ice cream as we people watched. The store is very clean with and awesome vibe. It was also really cool to see the operation of the ice cream/ topping making. Everyone we encountered was friendly and personable. I'd definitely return and recommend to others as it's a great summer treat(or anytime of the year but especially during the warmer months).
I had the pleasure of trying Milk &amp; Cream during their one year anniversary Food Baby collab!Not only did I have excellent ice cream, but I also got to meet the Chau family. They are a pair of foodie parents who have two of the cutest babies which they take pictures of with their food! I ordered the "Kidzel food baby" special which was absolutely delicious. I noticed Milk &amp; Cream use a drill to make their ice cream which reminded me of a place I tried awhile ago in California which uses the same technique. I'll be honest here, Milk &amp; Cream Cereal Bar does a better job infusing the flavors with their drill providing for a more creamy and attractive experience. Now I understand what the buzz is about.Eating top quality ice cream and having a conversation with baby Sammy truly made my weekend. I can die happy now! :)
I got my first taste of Milk &amp; Cream yesterday thanks to Mike C, and would be remiss in not writing about it.  Mike C is the genius food blogger and prolific social media guru who is also the center of the foodbabyny universe, that includes such powerful players as Matty, Sammy, Alex, Chunky Baby and grandpas Dino and Georgie.  While Sammy is the youngest and smallest star in the Chau planetary system, she is also the mightiest.Yesterday I tried the eponymous foodbaby special--delicious ice cream topped with rice krispies, pretzels, cookies &amp; cream goldfish and healthy Oreo O's cereal.  The combination was rich and filling, and the large portion made it a worthy meal replacement.  I will be sure to return to Milk &amp; Cream for the milkshakes and cereal bowls and try their other signature blends.  A perfect mitigant for the dog days of summer.
I had the chance to try the Milk &amp; Cream Cereal Bar while also getting to meet @foodbabyny on a hot Saturday afternoon. Albeit we had originally made the trek to meet the famed family, but we also had the chance to try a dessert from the store itself. All I can say is that it was DEFINITELY a reprieve on this particularly hot NYC day and I would most certainly consider making a trip back if I'm ever in the area.We walked into the spot around 1:30 PM on a Saturday evening. Due to the nature of our visit (basically during a promotional event) there were a ton of people there. Regardless, being that it was hot and that this spot is known for serving up some bomb ice cream I'd expect it to be busy during this time on the weekend as well.The menu is displayed on the left wall once you walk in and describes how to order. You can choose from a variety of options (i.e. cone, cup, bowl) and also what cereal you'd like blended into your ice cream. We went with the Cookie Dough ice cream with Reese's Peanut Butter Cup cereal blended in. You're also able to add a topping and a drizzle. We went with the Coconut Flakes and Chocolate Drizzle to top it off ($7.62 all together).The ice cream came out great and tasted as good as it looked. There were no unexpected chunks and everything we choose blended perfectly together. This should definitely consider this concoction if you're a chocolate, peanut butter, and/or coconut lover.The space itself is set up really efficiently too. Tables adorn the front portion of the restaurant, while the back offers table top seating with white stools that are reminiscent of an early 1950's ice cream parlor. This is definitely a good spot for both groups and/or pairs looking to enjoy their sweet creations.Altogether, good service, a clean space, and really well made dessert's makes this an extremely viable option if you're looking for a dessert spot in Chinatown that sure to satisfy your sweet tooth.
It's getting hotter now and places like this are worth the wait. I mean, we sweatin' out here!!Loves:+ ice cream and cereal is a good combo bc they blend the cereal in so flawlessly.+ staff is super nice and friendly+ really easy to customize+ they have a red velvet cone and then a fruity pebble (?) cone that was custom made for them. Cool.Not so love:- ice cream too sweet esp with the add-ins- portion is worth the $8 (bc it's a lot!) but I wish there was a smaller portion for less.- not enough seating inside so people be like hawks sometimes waiting to sit downWhile the end result skews towards the ice cream looking better than it tasted (what up insta foods), I still thought it was good and worth a try. After all this is the place you go when you want your ice cream to be a little extra. ;)
This place is one of the best ice cream places that I've tried in NYC so far! I feel like it definitely lives up to the hype. We went on a Thursday evening, so there wasn't that long of a line, but the place was definitely packed. Luckily we found a seat. The concept of mixing your favorite ice cream with your favorite childhood cereal, topped with whatever goodies your heart desires is just perfection in a bowl. It was such a nostalgic feeling, especially with the cartoons playing on the screens on the walls. The ice cream tasted similar to the sugary milk leftover after your finished your cereal (aka the best part). I can't wait to go back and try more flavors!
It was a hot night and the temptation for ice cream was overwhelming. I was in the neighborhood for dinner and stopped by Milk &amp; Cereal afterwards to get my ice cream fix since it was nearby. This place can get packed and the wait can exceed 10 mins. If that's the case, I would not recommend waiting. Come on a day when there's hardly a wait. You will enjoy your ice cream experience that much more. Sweet simple flavors. It's ice cream blended with your choice of cereal. There's 2 choices of ice cream: vanilla and cookie dough. The cereal list is quite extensive, so you'll probably find your favorite cereal on the list. You get one topping and drizzle for free with an additional charge for any extras.I recommend going with a cup so the ice cream doesn't drip all over your hand on a hot summer day. They also have flavored cones. I recommend the traditional waffle cone. I tried the red velvet and there was no flavor to it. For the indecisive folks that like to hold up the line because they can't make up their minds on what cereal or toppings to pair up their cone or cup with, they also have ice cream specials that are preset! Give this place a try if you're in the neighborhood!
Who doesn't love cereal and ice cream? This wonderful place fuses the best of breakfast and dessert together. The ambience inside is super dope with large mirrors, small tv's playing old tv shows, and a awesome neon light to take your foodporn photo.The options for your treat could be cup, cone, milkshake or eating out of a cereal bowl. They have most of the classic cereals such as Apple Jacks, captain crunch, fruity pebbles, fruit loops and many more. Whatever you choose you can add toppings to perfect your dessert. Also if you can't decide for yourself you can just choose one of their signature blends on their pre-made menu. So many options and customizations to choose from will leave you coming back for more. Customer service is always phenomenal. Not much more to say but to definitely give them a go and see for yourself.
Woohoo my 100th review!! It's fitting to mark this milestone with a celebratory review, and ice cream is always a great way to celebrate =DI came to Milk and cream cereal bar with a girlfriend and my SO after dinner in Little Italy around 8pm. When we walked in there were maybe 8 people ahead of us in line so I estimate we waited around 10 minutes to get to the counter to order ice cream. I know this place is very popular so I expected it to be busy, but looking at the number of people waiting for their ice cream I got a more accurate picture of how poppin it is at Milk. There must have been a crowd of fifteen people waiting for their order number to be called.I ordered the cookie dough carnival which was blended with cookie crisp, oreo and cookie dough and topped with chocolate crunchies. It's generally also topped with cookie dough pieces but I requested teddy grahams instead, and I paired this with the fruity pebble cone that was teal in color (my fave). The three of us only waited about 10 minutes for our ice cream, and in that time frame we snagged some of the very limited seats. I was definitely mesmerized by how swiftly the workers move and obviously was guessing which was mine! Let me tell you when I was handed my cone, she was HEFTY. I truly felt like a little kid again looking at this cone because I couldn't stop smiling... or at least my SO says so! I took a billion pictures obviously before indulging in my first lick. It's worth it guys, so worth the money. You're given a generous amount and the flavors pop out at you. Best way to celebrate 100 reviews on Yelp, can't wait to come here again!
Very unique concept! The Milk &amp; Cream Bar in New York was an interesting place to try. They crush and mix cereal into their soft serve ice cream to make unique concoctions. I tried the p-but jelly crumble but instead of jelly had chocolate syrup. I got it in a waffle cone but flipped it over into a bowl for easier eating. It was yummy. The kids got different create your own concoctions. It was fun. I think this is neat to try. It's different, the ice cream was good and the service was fantastic.
Super cute and instagrammable place where you can customize your ice cream and your cone. The line started to grow right after we ordered, but we noticed that there were enough employees to keep the line moving. I got fruity pebbles in mine in a chocolate cone with chocolate drizzle and strawberries. Sugar overload? Yes, and I couldn't finish it. I paid around $7 for this, which I think is reasonable for the huge portion and fun experience. My ice cream had just the right amount of cereal in it without being too overwhelming, and I definitely want to visit again.
I got a cup with:-Blended cocoa puffs-Almonds-Chocolate drizzle-Vanilla ice creamAnd wow, it was really good. If they had something like this where I'm from (Houston), I wouldn't definitely pick it over all other ice cream places. Super delicious!
OMG! This is even better than I had dreamed. Luckily the line wasn't too long when we got here. The wait wasn't too bad and very worth it. They have a few choices. A bowl of cereal, a milkshake or an ice cream swirl. As well as other desserts like pie.I came for the swirl.I got the ice cream swirl: vanilla ice cream blended with captain crunch. Topped with fresh strawberries, fruity pebbles and honey drizzle. My mouth is dancing. The playlist is bomb!
Milk &amp; Cream takes the two simple joys of childhood, cereal and ice cream, and puts it together. The lines can get long but I've always seemed to come at the right time and usually served right away. The workers here are so friendly and chill, they create a fun and enjoyable atmosphere. Ice cream cones run about $7-8 and they're pretty big! They're also very careful with putting on toppings and making sure they adhere, which I appreciate. Every order is made to order.
I love drinking cereal milk. So before entering this place, I knew it would be really good and I was very excited to try it out!! When you first walk in, I was immediately greeted! The guys working there are just the greatest! They were very nice and upbeat. I laughed with them about random things before even ordering! They went over their menu with me and how things were done. Customer service was great there!! I'm a very indecisive person when it comes to creating your own flavors, so I ordered their speciality: Froot Bliss (something like that). Ahaha. Watching them make the ice cream was interesting and the process was very fast. I didn't wait that long at all!! The ice cream was DELICIOUS. Nothing can beat milk and cereal!! Haha. The place is really cute. A lot of great graphic/decoration to do a photo opt. The atmosphere, the service, the dessert.. ALL GREAT. You definitely won't be disappointed!
Like a taste of nostalgia! They take your favorite part of your childhood (and college) breakfast -- the bottom of he cereal bowl -- where the milk is all cereal sugar and put it into a tasty waffle cone with whatever you want on top. All I can say is... I want that machine!!The inside is comfortable too. There is actually a bar where you can sit and enjoy your ice cream while watching the masters at work. There's also enough room for a group of you and plenty of instagrammable corners.I'm already planning what I'd order on my next visit!
I absolutely love the concept of Milk and Cream Cereal Bar. As an adult, I don't ever eat sugary cereals like I did when I was a kid. Milk &amp; Cream has taken my childhood love for eating cereal to another level.  I can only hope that it comes to the Bay Area (San Jose... ahem). If you choose to build your own, you start by choosing one of two ice cream flavors: vanilla or cookie dough. Then you choose the type(s) of cereals you want and any additional toppings like fruit or syrups. I was overwhelmed by all of the cereals and possible combinations, so I ended up choosing the specialty flavor, Apple Jack Avalanche. It was excellent! The Apple Jack Avalanche had vanilla ice cream with Apple Jacks, Cinnamon Toast Crunch, granola, and caramel drizzle. I didn't realize that the cereals were actually mixed into the cream, but this blended the flavors from the different cereals very well. The only downside is that the ice cream comes in one size. I ended up tossing half of mine because it was way too much with sweetness and richness overtime.
